Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version.


# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# this is the buggy function you need to fix
def info(self):
    """Returns the name and version of the current shell"""
    proc = Popen(['fish', '-c', 'echo $FISH_VERSION'],
                 stdout=PIPE, stderr=DEVNULL)
    version = proc.stdout.read().decode('utf-8').strip()
    return u'Fish Shell {}'.format(version)

```

# Runtime value and type of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the value and type of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

## Case 1
### Runtime value and type of the input parameters of the buggy function
### Runtime value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
proc, value: `<MagicMock name='Popen()' id='4586576976'>`, type: `MagicMock`

version, value: `'3.5.9'`, type: `str`

proc.stdout.read, value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout.read' id='4586357072'>`, type: `MagicMock`

proc.stdout, value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout' id='4586432336'>`, type: `MagicMock`



# Expected value and type of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the expected value and type of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter value and type
### Expected value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
proc, expected value: `<MagicMock name='Popen()' id='4336294416'>`, type: `MagicMock`

version, expected value: `'fish, version 3.5.9'`, type: `str`

proc.stdout.read, expected value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout.read' id='4336317840'>`, type: `MagicMock`

proc.stdout, expected value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout' id='4336319888'>`, type: `MagicMock`






