Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version. When outputting the fix, output the entire function so that the output can be used as a drop-in replacement for the buggy version of the function.


# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: pandas/core/internals/managers.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
def equals(self, other):
    self_axes, other_axes = self.axes, other.axes
    if len(self_axes) != len(other_axes):
        return False
    if not all(ax1.equals(ax2) for ax1, ax2 in zip(self_axes, other_axes)):
        return False
    self._consolidate_inplace()
    other._consolidate_inplace()
    if len(self.blocks) != len(other.blocks):
        return False

    # canonicalize block order, using a tuple combining the type
    # name and then mgr_locs because there might be unconsolidated
    # blocks (say, Categorical) which can only be distinguished by
    # the iteration order
    def canonicalize(block):
        return (block.dtype.name, block.mgr_locs.as_array.tolist())

    self_blocks = sorted(self.blocks, key=canonicalize)
    other_blocks = sorted(other.blocks, key=canonicalize)
    return all(
        block.equals(oblock) for block, oblock in zip(self_blocks, other_blocks)
    )

```




# Expected value and type of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the expected value and type of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter value and type
self.axes, 

self, 

other.axes, 

other, 

self.blocks, 

other.blocks, 

### Expected value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
self_axes, expected value: `[Index(['a', 'b'], dtype='object'), RangeIndex(start=0, stop=2, step=1)]`, type: `list`

other_axes, expected value: `[Index(['a', 'b'], dtype='object'), RangeIndex(start=0, stop=2, step=1)]`, type: `list`

block.dtype, expected value: `dtype('int64')`, type: `dtype`

block, expected value: `IntBlock: slice(0, 1, 1), 1 x 2, dtype: int64`, type: `IntBlock`

block.mgr_locs, expected value: `BlockPlacement(slice(0, 1, 1))`, type: `BlockPlacement`



1. Analyze the buggy function and it's relationship with the the expected input/output variable information.
2. Identify the potential error location within the problematic function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a). The buggy function
   (b). The expected input/output variable values

4. Suggest possible approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the problematic function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a). Satisfies the expected input/output variable information provided

