Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version.
Your output should follow these steps:
1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with the the expected input/output variable information.
2. Identify a potential error location within the buggy function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a) The buggy function, 
   (b) The expected input/output variable values

4. Suggest approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the buggy function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a) the function satisfies the expected input/output variable information provided



Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
from thefuck.specific.git import git_support
```

## The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: thefuck/rules/git_fix_stash.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
@git_support
def match(command):
    return (command.script.split()[1] == 'stash'
            and 'usage:' in command.stderr)

```




## Expected values and types of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the expected values and types of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

### Expected case 1
#### The values and types of buggy function's parameters
command.script, 

command, 

command.stderr, 



