Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version. When outputting the fix, output the entire function so that the output can be used as a drop-in replacement for the buggy version of the function.


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
from thefuck.specific.git import git_support
```

# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: thefuck/rules/git_fix_stash.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
@git_support
def match(command):
    return (command.script.split()[1] == 'stash'
            and 'usage:' in command.stderr)

```

## The error message from the failing test
```text
def test_not_match():
>       assert not match(Command("git", stderr=git_stash_err))

tests/rules/test_git_fix_stash.py:27: 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
<decorator-gen-8>:2: in match
    ???
thefuck/specific/git.py:32: in git_support
    return fn(command)
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

command = Command(script=git, stdout=, stderr=
usage: git stash list [<options>]
   or: git stash show [<stash>]
   or: git stas... [-k|--[no-]keep-index] [-q|--quiet]
		       [-u|--include-untracked] [-a|--all] [<message>]]
   or: git stash clear
)

    @git_support
    def match(command):
>       return (command.script.split()[1] == 'stash'
                and 'usage:' in command.stderr)
E       IndexError: list index out of range

thefuck/rules/git_fix_stash.py:8: IndexError

```



# Runtime value and type of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the value and type of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

## Case 1
### Runtime value and type of the input parameters of the buggy function
command.script, value: `'git'`, type: `str`

command, value: `Command(script=git, stdout=, stderr=
usage: git stash list [<options>]
   or: git stash show [<stash>]
   or: git stash drop [-q`, type: `Command`

command.stderr, value: `'\nusage: git stash list [<options>]\n   or: git stash show [<stash>]\n   or: git stash drop [-q`, type: `str`

### Runtime value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
splited_script, value: `['git']`, type: `list`



# Expected value and type of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the expected value and type of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter value and type
command.script, value: `'git'`, type: `str`

command, value: `Command(script=git, stdout=, stderr=
usage: git stash list [<options>]
   or: git stash show [<stash>]
   or: git stash drop [-q`, type: `Command`

command.stderr, value: `'\nusage: git stash list [<options>]\n   or: git stash show [<stash>]\n   or: git stash drop [-q`, type: `str`



1. Analyze the buggy function and it's relationship with the corresponding error message, the actual input/output variable information, the expected input/output variable information, .
2. Identify the potential error location within the problematic function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a). The buggy function
   (b). The corresponding error message
   (c). The actual input/output variable values
   (d). The expected input/output variable values

4. Suggest possible approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the problematic function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a). Passes the failing test
   (b). Satisfies the expected input/output variable information provided

