Please fix the function/method provided below and provide the corrected function/method as the output.


The buggy function source code is following:
```python
	# signature of a relative function in this class
	def current(instance=True):
		# ... omitted code ...

	# signature of a relative function in this class
	def make_current(self):
		# ... omitted code ...



	# this is the buggy function you need to fix
	def initialize(self, make_current=None):
	    if make_current is None:
	        if IOLoop.current(instance=False) is None:
	            self.make_current()
	    elif make_current:
	        if IOLoop.current(instance=False) is None:
	            raise RuntimeError("current IOLoop already exists")
	        self.make_current()
	
```

    def test_force_current(self):
        self.io_loop = IOLoop(make_current=True)
        self.assertIs(self.io_loop, IOLoop.current())
        with self.assertRaises(RuntimeError):
            # A second make_current=True construction cannot succeed.
            IOLoop(make_current=True)
        # current() was not affected by the failed construction.
        self.assertIs(self.io_loop, IOLoop.current())

The error message for this test function:
self = <tornado.test.ioloop_test.TestIOLoopCurrent testMethod=test_force_current>

    def test_force_current(self):
>       self.io_loop = IOLoop(make_current=True)

tornado/test/ioloop_test.py:443: 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
tornado/util.py:221: in __new__
    instance.initialize(*args, **init_kwargs)
tornado/platform/kqueue.py:91: in initialize
    super(KQueueIOLoop, self).initialize(impl=_KQueue(), **kwargs)
tornado/ioloop.py:664: in initialize
    super(PollIOLoop, self).initialize(**kwargs)
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

self = <tornado.platform.kqueue.KQueueIOLoop object at 0x7fa8579540d0>
make_current = True

    def initialize(self, make_current=None):
        if make_current is None:
            if IOLoop.current(instance=False) is None:
                self.make_current()
        elif make_current:
            if IOLoop.current(instance=False) is None:
>               raise RuntimeError("current IOLoop already exists")
E               RuntimeError: current IOLoop already exists



A raised issue title from github for this bug is:
ioloop.py(line 252) is None or not None

And the associated detailed description is:
line 252, IOLoop.current(instance=False) is None¡£why then raise "already exists"?




Provide your answer in the following steps:
1. Analyze the test case and its relationship with the error message, if applicable.
2. Identify the potential error location within the problematic function.
3. Explain the reasons behind the occurrence of the bug.
4. Suggest possible approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the problematic function.