Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version. When outputting the fix, output the entire function so that the output can be used as a drop-in replacement for the buggy version of the function.


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
import weakref
from pandas.util._decorators import Appender, cache_readonly, doc
```

# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: pandas/core/indexes/period.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
@cache_readonly
def _engine(self):
    # To avoid a reference cycle, pass a weakref of self to _engine_type.
    period = weakref.ref(self)
    return self._engine_type(period, len(self))

```




# Expected value and type of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the expected value and type of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter value and type
self, 



# A GitHub issue title for this bug
```text
BUG: Copying PeriodIndex levels on MultiIndex loses weakrefs
```

## The GitHub issue's detailed description
```text
As per comment by @jacobaustin123:
import pandas as pd
idx = pd.MultiIndex.from_arrays([pd.PeriodIndex([pd.Period("2019Q1"), pd.Period("2019Q2")], name='b')])
idx2 = pd.MultiIndex.from_arrays([idx._get_level_values(level) for level in range(idx.nlevels)])
all(x.is_monotonic for x in idx2.levels) # raises an error

Problem description
The weakly referenced PeriodIndex er dropped before intended, so the PeriodEngine gets a None instead of the PeriodIndex.

Expected Output
The above should return True.
```



1. Analyze the buggy function and it's relationship with the the expected input/output variable information, the github issue.
2. Identify the potential error location within the problematic function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a). The buggy function
   (b). Discrepancies between expected input/output variable value
   (c). The GitHub Issue information

4. Suggest possible approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the problematic function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a). Satisfies the expected input/output variable information provided
   (b). Successfully resolves the issue posted in GitHub

