Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version. When outputting the fix, output the entire function so that the output can be used as a drop-in replacement for the buggy version of the function.


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
import weakref
from pandas.util._decorators import Appender, cache_readonly, doc
```

# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: pandas/core/indexes/period.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
@cache_readonly
def _engine(self):
    # To avoid a reference cycle, pass a weakref of self to _engine_type.
    period = weakref.ref(self)
    return self._engine_type(period, len(self))

```

# A failing test function for the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the failing test file: pandas/tests/indexes/multi/test_get_level_values.py

def test_get_level_values_when_periods():
    # GH33131. See also discussion in GH32669.
    # This test can probably be removed when PeriodIndex._engine is removed.
    from pandas import Period, PeriodIndex

    idx = MultiIndex.from_arrays(
        [PeriodIndex([Period("2019Q1"), Period("2019Q2")], name="b")]
    )
    idx2 = MultiIndex.from_arrays(
        [idx._get_level_values(level) for level in range(idx.nlevels)]
    )
    assert all(x.is_monotonic for x in idx2.levels)
```




# Runtime values and types of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the values and types of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

## Case 1
### Runtime values and types of the input parameters of the buggy function
self._values, value: `<PeriodArray>
['2019Q1', '2019Q2']
Length: 2, dtype: period[Q-DEC]`, type: `PeriodArray`

self, value: `PeriodIndex(['2019Q1', '2019Q2'], dtype='period[Q-DEC]', freq='Q-DEC')`, type: `PeriodIndex`



# Expected values and types of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the expected values and types of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter values and types
### The values and types of buggy function's parameters
self, value: `PeriodIndex(['2019Q1', '2019Q2'], dtype='period[Q-DEC]', freq='Q-DEC')`, type: `PeriodIndex`



# Bug fixing instructions

1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with the test code, the actual input/output variable information, the expected input/output variable information.
2. Identify a potential error location within the buggy function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a) The buggy function, 
   (b) The failing test, 
   (c) The actual input/output variable values, 
   (d) The expected input/output variable values

4. Suggest approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the buggy function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a) the program passes the failing test, 
   (b) the function satisfies the expected input/output variable information provided

