Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version.
Your output should follow these steps:
1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with the the actual input/output variable information, the expected input/output variable information, the github issue.
2. Identify a potential error location within the buggy function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a) The buggy function, 
   (b) The actual input/output variable values, 
   (c) The expected input/output variable values, 
   (d) The GitHub Issue information

4. Suggest approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the buggy function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a) the function satisfies the expected input/output variable information provided, 
   (b) successfully resolves the issue posted in GitHub



Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
import weakref
from pandas.util._decorators import Appender, cache_readonly, doc
```

# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: pandas/core/indexes/period.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
@cache_readonly
def _engine(self):
    # To avoid a reference cycle, pass a weakref of self to _engine_type.
    period = weakref.ref(self)
    return self._engine_type(period, len(self))

```




# Runtime values and types of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the values and types of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

## Case 1
### Runtime values and types of the input parameters of the buggy function
self._values, value: `<PeriodArray>
['2019Q1', '2019Q2']
Length: 2, dtype: period[Q-DEC]`, type: `PeriodArray`

self, value: `PeriodIndex(['2019Q1', '2019Q2'], dtype='period[Q-DEC]', freq='Q-DEC')`, type: `PeriodIndex`



# Expected values and types of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the expected values and types of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter values and types
### The values and types of buggy function's parameters
self, value: `PeriodIndex(['2019Q1', '2019Q2'], dtype='period[Q-DEC]', freq='Q-DEC')`, type: `PeriodIndex`



# A GitHub issue for this bug

The issue's title:
```text
BUG: Copying PeriodIndex levels on MultiIndex loses weakrefs
```

The issue's detailed description:
```text
As per comment by @jacobaustin123:
import pandas as pd
idx = pd.MultiIndex.from_arrays([pd.PeriodIndex([pd.Period("2019Q1"), pd.Period("2019Q2")], name='b')])
idx2 = pd.MultiIndex.from_arrays([idx._get_level_values(level) for level in range(idx.nlevels)])
all(x.is_monotonic for x in idx2.levels) # raises an error

Problem description
The weakly referenced PeriodIndex er dropped before intended, so the PeriodEngine gets a None instead of the PeriodIndex.

Expected Output
The above should return True.
```



