Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version.
Following these steps:
1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with test code, the expected input/output values.
2. Identify potential error locations within the buggy function.
3. Explain the cause of the bug using the buggy function, the failing test, the expected input/output variable values.
4. Suggest a strategy for fixing the bug.
5. Given the buggy function below, provide a corrected version. The corrected version should pass the failing test, satisfy the expected input/output values.


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
import time
```

## The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: luigi/scheduler.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
def __init__(self, worker_id, last_active=None):
    self.id = worker_id
    self.reference = None  # reference to the worker in the real world. (Currently a dict containing just the host)
    self.last_active = last_active  # seconds since epoch
    self.started = time.time()  # seconds since epoch
    self.tasks = set()  # task objects
    self.info = {}

```

## A test function that the buggy function fails
```python
# The relative path of the failing test file: test/scheduler_test.py

    def test_worker_prune_after_init(self):
        worker = luigi.scheduler.Worker(123)

        class TmpCfg:
            def __init__(self):
                self.worker_disconnect_delay = 10

        worker.prune(TmpCfg())
```




## Expected values and types of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the expected values and types of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

### Expected case 1
#### The values and types of buggy function's parameters
worker_id, 

#### Expected values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
self.id, expected value: `123`, type: `int`

self.started, expected value: `1706548222.8972173`, type: `float`

self.tasks, expected value: `set()`, type: `set`

self.info, expected value: `{}`, type: `dict`



