Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version.
Your output should follow these steps:
1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with the the actual input/output variable information.
2. Identify a potential error location within the buggy function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a) The buggy function, 
   (b) The actual input/output variable values

4. Suggest approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
from .transforms import IdentityTransform, Affine2D
```

## The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: lib/matplotlib/markers.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
def _recache(self):
    if self._marker_function is None:
        return
    self._path = _empty_path
    self._transform = IdentityTransform()
    self._alt_path = None
    self._alt_transform = None
    self._snap_threshold = None
    self._joinstyle = 'round'
    self._capstyle = 'butt'
    self._filled = True
    self._marker_function()

```




## Runtime values and types of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the values and types of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

### Case 1
#### Runtime values and types of the input parameters of the buggy function
self._fillstyle, value: `'none'`, type: `str`

### Case 2
#### Runtime values and types of the input parameters of the buggy function
self._fillstyle, value: `'none'`, type: `str`

#### Runtime values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
self._path, value: `Path(array([[ 0.        , -1.        ] ... [ 1,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,
        4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4, 79], dtype=uint8))`, shape: `None`, type: `Path`

self._snap_threshold, value: `inf`, type: `float`

self._joinstyle, value: `'round'`, type: `str`

self._capstyle, value: `'butt'`, type: `str`

self._filled, value: `False`, type: `bool`



