Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version. When outputting the fix, output the entire function so that the output can be used as a drop-in replacement for the buggy version of the function.


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
from .transforms import IdentityTransform, Affine2D
```

# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: lib/matplotlib/markers.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
def _recache(self):
    if self._marker_function is None:
        return
    self._path = _empty_path
    self._transform = IdentityTransform()
    self._alt_path = None
    self._alt_transform = None
    self._snap_threshold = None
    self._joinstyle = 'round'
    self._capstyle = 'butt'
    self._filled = True
    self._marker_function()

```




# Expected value and type of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the expected value and type of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter value and type
### Expected value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
self._path, expected value: `Path(array([[ 0.        , -1.        ] ... [ 1,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,
        4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4, 79], dtype=uint8))`, shape: `None`, type: `Path`

self._snap_threshold, expected value: `inf`, type: `float`

self._joinstyle, expected value: `'round'`, type: `str`

self._capstyle, expected value: `'butt'`, type: `str`

self._filled, expected value: `True`, type: `bool`



# A GitHub issue title for this bug
```text
The markers are not hollow when I use ax.scatter() and set markers.MarkerStyle()'s fillstyle to 'none'. My usage is wrong?
```

## The GitHub issue's detailed description
```text
I want to set markers hollow. So I make a costomed markers.MarkerStyle and set the paramter fillstyle='none'. But I don't get what I want.

Code for reproduction

from matplotlib import pyplot as plt
from matplotlib import markers
import numpy as np
xy = np.random.rand(10, 2)
fig, ax = plt.subplots()
style = markers.MarkerStyle(marker='o', fillstyle='none')
ax.scatter(xy[:, 0], xy[:, 1], marker=style)
plt.show()
```



1. Analyze the buggy function and it's relationship with the the expected input/output variable information, the github issue.
2. Identify the potential error location within the problematic function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a). The buggy function
   (b). Discrepancies between expected input/output variable value
   (c). The GitHub Issue information

4. Suggest possible approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the problematic function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a). Satisfies the expected input/output variable information provided
   (b). Successfully resolves the issue posted in GitHub

