Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version. When outputting the fix, output the entire function so that the output can be used as a drop-in replacement for the buggy version of the function.


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
from .transforms import IdentityTransform, Affine2D
```

# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: lib/matplotlib/markers.py

# The declaration of the class containing the buggy function
class MarkerStyle():





    # this is the buggy function you need to fix
    def _recache(self):
        if self._marker_function is None:
            return
        self._path = _empty_path
        self._transform = IdentityTransform()
        self._alt_path = None
        self._alt_transform = None
        self._snap_threshold = None
        self._joinstyle = 'round'
        self._capstyle = 'butt'
        self._filled = True
        self._marker_function()
    
```




# Runtime value and type of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the value and type of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

## Case 1
### Runtime value and type of the input parameters of the buggy function
self._fillstyle, value: `'none'`, type: `str`

## Case 2
### Runtime value and type of the input parameters of the buggy function
self._fillstyle, value: `'none'`, type: `str`

### Runtime value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
self._path, value: `Path(array([[ 0.        , -1.        ] ... [ 1,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,
        4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4,  4, 79], dtype=uint8))`, shape: `None`, type: `Path`

self._snap_threshold, value: `inf`, type: `float`

self._joinstyle, value: `'round'`, type: `str`

self._capstyle, value: `'butt'`, type: `str`

self._filled, value: `False`, type: `bool`



1. Analyze the buggy function and it's relationship with the buggy class, the actual input/output variable information, .
2. Identify the potential error location within the problematic function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a). The buggy function
   (b). The buggy class docs
   (c). The actual input/output variable values

4. Suggest possible approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code
