Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version. When outputting the fix, output the entire function so that the output can be used as a drop-in replacement for the buggy version of the function.


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
from subprocess import Popen, PIPE
from ..utils import DEVNULL, cache
```

# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: thefuck/shells/fish.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
def info(self):
    """Returns the name and version of the current shell"""
    proc = Popen(['fish', '-c', 'echo $FISH_VERSION'],
                 stdout=PIPE, stderr=DEVNULL)
    version = proc.stdout.read().decode('utf-8').strip()
    return u'Fish Shell {}'.format(version)

```

## The error message from the failing test
```text
self = <tests.shells.test_fish.TestFish object at 0x7fb8d3a45250>
shell = <thefuck.shells.fish.Fish object at 0x7fb8d3bd0290>
Popen = <MagicMock name='Popen' id='140431801350288'>

    def test_info(self, shell, Popen):
        Popen.return_value.stdout.read.side_effect = [b'fish, version 3.5.9\n']
>       assert shell.info() == 'Fish Shell 3.5.9'
E       AssertionError: assert 'Fish Shell f...version 3.5.9' == 'Fish Shell 3.5.9'
E         - Fish Shell fish, version 3.5.9
E         + Fish Shell 3.5.9

tests/shells/test_fish.py:118: AssertionError

```



# Runtime values and types of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the values and types of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

## Case 1
### Runtime values and types of the input parameters of the buggy function
### Runtime values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
proc, value: `<MagicMock name='Popen()' id='140254489932816'>`, type: `MagicMock`

version, value: `'3.5.9'`, type: `str`

proc.stdout.read, value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout.read' id='140254489856336'>`, type: `MagicMock`

proc.stdout, value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout' id='140254508210704'>`, type: `MagicMock`



# Bug fixing instructions

1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with the corresponding error message, the actual input/output variable information.
2. Identify a potential error location within the buggy function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a) The buggy function, 
   (b) The corresponding error message, 
   (c) The actual input/output variable values

4. Suggest approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the buggy function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a) the program passes the failing test

