Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version. When outputting the fix, output the entire function so that the output can be used as a drop-in replacement for the buggy version of the function.


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
from subprocess import Popen, PIPE
from ..utils import DEVNULL, cache
```

# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: thefuck/shells/fish.py

# The declaration of the class containing the buggy function
class Fish(Generic):




    # this is the buggy function you need to fix
    def info(self):
        """Returns the name and version of the current shell"""
        proc = Popen(['fish', '-c', 'echo $FISH_VERSION'],
                     stdout=PIPE, stderr=DEVNULL)
        version = proc.stdout.read().decode('utf-8').strip()
        return u'Fish Shell {}'.format(version)
    
```

# Runtime value and type of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the value and type of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

## Case 1
### Runtime value and type of the input parameters of the buggy function
### Runtime value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
proc, value: `<MagicMock name='Popen()' id='140254489932816'>`, type: `MagicMock`

version, value: `'3.5.9'`, type: `str`

proc.stdout.read, value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout.read' id='140254489856336'>`, type: `MagicMock`

proc.stdout, value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout' id='140254508210704'>`, type: `MagicMock`



# Expected value and type of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the expected value and type of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter value and type
### Expected value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
proc, expected value: `<MagicMock name='Popen()' id='140050497243408'>`, type: `MagicMock`

version, expected value: `'fish, version 3.5.9'`, type: `str`

proc.stdout.read, expected value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout.read' id='140050497377296'>`, type: `MagicMock`

proc.stdout, expected value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout' id='140050497379088'>`, type: `MagicMock`






# A GitHub issue title for this bug
```text
thefuck -v hangs Fish Shell initialisation with Oh-My-Fish plugin
```

## The GitHub issue's detailed description
```text
Oh-My-Fish's TheFuck plugin uses thefuck -v to decide when to regenerate functions. That triggers a recursive loop because of shells/fish.py:Fish.info().

Fix is on it's way.

Reference: oh-my-fish/plugin-thefuck#11
```



1. Analyze the buggy function and it's relationship with the buggy class, related functions, the expected and actual input/output variable information, the github issue.
2. Identify the potential error location within the problematic function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a). The buggy function
   (b). The buggy class
   (c). The related functions
   (d). Discrepancies between expected and actual input/output variable value
   (e). The GitHub Issue information

4. Suggest possible approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the problematic function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a). Satisfies the expected input/output variable information provided
   (b). Successfully resolves the issue posted in GitHub

