Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version. When outputting the fix, output the entire function so that the output can be used as a drop-in replacement for the buggy version of the function.


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
from subprocess import Popen, PIPE
from ..utils import DEVNULL, cache
```

# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: thefuck/shells/fish.py

# The declaration of the class containing the buggy function
class Fish(Generic):





    # this is the buggy function you need to fix
    def info(self):
        """Returns the name and version of the current shell"""
        proc = Popen(['fish', '-c', 'echo $FISH_VERSION'],
                     stdout=PIPE, stderr=DEVNULL)
        version = proc.stdout.read().decode('utf-8').strip()
        return u'Fish Shell {}'.format(version)
    
```

# A failing test function for the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the failing test file: tests/shells/test_fish.py

    def test_info(self, shell, Popen):
        Popen.return_value.stdout.read.side_effect = [b'fish, version 3.5.9\n']
        assert shell.info() == 'Fish Shell 3.5.9'
        assert Popen.call_args[0][0] == ['fish', '--version']
```




# Expected values and types of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the expected values and types of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter values and types
### The values and types of buggy function's parameters
### Expected values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
proc, expected value: `<MagicMock name='Popen()' id='140050497243408'>`, type: `MagicMock`

version, expected value: `'fish, version 3.5.9'`, type: `str`

proc.stdout.read, expected value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout.read' id='140050497377296'>`, type: `MagicMock`

proc.stdout, expected value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout' id='140050497379088'>`, type: `MagicMock`



# Bug fixing instructions

1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with the buggy class, test code, the expected input/output variable information.
2. Identify a potential error location within the buggy function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a) The buggy function, 
   (b) The buggy class docs, 
   (c) The failing test, 
   (d) The expected input/output variable values

4. Suggest approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the buggy function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a) the program passes the failing test, 
   (b) the function satisfies the expected input/output variable information provided

