Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version.


# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: luigi/scheduler.py

# The declaration of the class containing the buggy function
class Worker(object):
    """
    Structure for tracking worker activity and keeping their references.
    """





    # this is the buggy function you need to fix
    def __init__(self, worker_id, last_active=None):
        self.id = worker_id
        self.reference = None  # reference to the worker in the real world. (Currently a dict containing just the host)
        self.last_active = last_active  # seconds since epoch
        self.started = time.time()  # seconds since epoch
        self.tasks = set()  # task objects
        self.info = {}
    
```

# Runtime value and type of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the value and type of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

## Case 1
### Runtime value and type of the input parameters of the buggy function
worker_id, value: `123`, type: `int`

last_active, value: `1702321538.4872892`, type: `float`

### Runtime value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
self.id, value: `123`, type: `int`

self.last_active, value: `1702321538.4872892`, type: `float`

self.started, value: `1702321538.50115`, type: `float`

self.tasks, value: `set()`, type: `set`

self.info, value: `{}`, type: `dict`



# Expected value and type of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the expected value and type of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter value and type
worker_id, value: `123`, type: `int`

### Expected value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
self.id, expected value: `123`, type: `int`

self.started, expected value: `1702321536.5818381`, type: `float`

self.tasks, expected value: `set()`, type: `set`

self.info, expected value: `{}`, type: `dict`






