Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version.


# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: pandas/core/indexes/period.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
@cache_readonly
def _engine(self):
    # To avoid a reference cycle, pass a weakref of self to _engine_type.
    period = weakref.ref(self)
    return self._engine_type(period, len(self))

```

# Runtime value and type of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the value and type of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

## Case 1
### Runtime value and type of the input parameters of the buggy function
self._values, value: `<PeriodArray>
['2019Q1', '2019Q2']
Length: 2, dtype: period[Q-DEC]`, type: `PeriodArray`

self, value: `PeriodIndex(['2019Q1', '2019Q2'], dtype='period[Q-DEC]', freq='Q-DEC')`, type: `PeriodIndex`



# Expected value and type of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the expected value and type of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter value and type
self, value: `PeriodIndex(['2019Q1', '2019Q2'], dtype='period[Q-DEC]', freq='Q-DEC')`, type: `PeriodIndex`






