Please fix the function/method provided below and provide the corrected function/method as the output.


# Buggy function source code
```python
# class declaration containing the buggy function
class YoutubeDL(object):
    """
    YoutubeDL class.
    
    YoutubeDL objects are the ones responsible of downloading the
    actual video file and writing it to disk if the user has requested
    it, among some other tasks. In most cases there should be one per
    program. As, given a video URL, the downloader doesn't know how to
    extract all the needed information, task that InfoExtractors do, it
    has to pass the URL to one of them.
    
    For this, YoutubeDL objects have a method that allows
    InfoExtractors to be registered in a given order. When it is passed
    a URL, the YoutubeDL object handles it to the first InfoExtractor it
    finds that reports being able to handle it. The InfoExtractor extracts
    all the information about the video or videos the URL refers to, and
    YoutubeDL process the extracted information, possibly using a File
    Downloader to download the video.
    
    YoutubeDL objects accept a lot of parameters. In order not to saturate
    the object constructor with arguments, it receives a dictionary of
    options instead. These options are available through the params
    attribute for the InfoExtractors to use. The YoutubeDL also
    registers itself as the downloader in charge for the InfoExtractors
    that are added to it, so this is a "mutual registration".
    
    Available options:
    
    username:          Username for authentication purposes.
    password:          Password for authentication purposes.
    videopassword:     Password for accessing a video.
    usenetrc:          Use netrc for authentication instead.
    verbose:           Print additional info to stdout.
    quiet:             Do not print messages to stdout.
    no_warnings:       Do not print out anything for warnings.
    forceurl:          Force printing final URL.
    forcetitle:        Force printing title.
    forceid:           Force printing ID.
    forcethumbnail:    Force printing thumbnail URL.
    forcedescription:  Force printing description.
    forcefilename:     Force printing final filename.
    forceduration:     Force printing duration.
    forcejson:         Force printing info_dict as JSON.
    dump_single_json:  Force printing the info_dict of the whole playlist
                       (or video) as a single JSON line.
    simulate:          Do not download the video files.
    format:            Video format code. See options.py for more information.
    outtmpl:           Template for output names.
    restrictfilenames: Do not allow "&" and spaces in file names
    ignoreerrors:      Do not stop on download errors.
    force_generic_extractor: Force downloader to use the generic extractor
    nooverwrites:      Prevent overwriting files.
    playliststart:     Playlist item to start at.
    playlistend:       Playlist item to end at.
    playlist_items:    Specific indices of playlist to download.
    playlistreverse:   Download playlist items in reverse order.
    matchtitle:        Download only matching titles.
    rejecttitle:       Reject downloads for matching titles.
    logger:            Log messages to a logging.Logger instance.
    logtostderr:       Log messages to stderr instead of stdout.
    writedescription:  Write the video description to a .description file
    writeinfojson:     Write the video description to a .info.json file
    writeannotations:  Write the video annotations to a .annotations.xml file
    writethumbnail:    Write the thumbnail image to a file
    write_all_thumbnails:  Write all thumbnail formats to files
    writesubtitles:    Write the video subtitles to a file
    writeautomaticsub: Write the automatic subtitles to a file
    allsubtitles:      Downloads all the subtitles of the video
                       (requires writesubtitles or writeautomaticsub)
    listsubtitles:     Lists all available subtitles for the video
    subtitlesformat:   The format code for subtitles
    subtitleslangs:    List of languages of the subtitles to download
    keepvideo:         Keep the video file after post-processing
    daterange:         A DateRange object, download only if the upload_date is in the range.
    skip_download:     Skip the actual download of the video file
    cachedir:          Location of the cache files in the filesystem.
                       False to disable filesystem cache.
    noplaylist:        Download single video instead of a playlist if in doubt.
    age_limit:         An integer representing the user's age in years.
                       Unsuitable videos for the given age are skipped.
    min_views:         An integer representing the minimum view count the video
                       must have in order to not be skipped.
                       Videos without view count information are always
                       downloaded. None for no limit.
    max_views:         An integer representing the maximum view count.
                       Videos that are more popular than that are not
                       downloaded.
                       Videos without view count information are always
                       downloaded. None for no limit.
    download_archive:  File name of a file where all downloads are recorded.
                       Videos already present in the file are not downloaded
                       again.
    cookiefile:        File name where cookies should be read from and dumped to.
    nocheckcertificate:Do not verify SSL certificates
    prefer_insecure:   Use HTTP instead of HTTPS to retrieve information.
                       At the moment, this is only supported by YouTube.
    proxy:             URL of the proxy server to use
    cn_verification_proxy:  URL of the proxy to use for IP address verification
                       on Chinese sites. (Experimental)
    socket_timeout:    Time to wait for unresponsive hosts, in seconds
    bidi_workaround:   Work around buggy terminals without bidirectional text
                       support, using fridibi
    debug_printtraffic:Print out sent and received HTTP traffic
    include_ads:       Download ads as well
    default_search:    Prepend this string if an input url is not valid.
                       'auto' for elaborate guessing
    encoding:          Use this encoding instead of the system-specified.
    extract_flat:      Do not resolve URLs, return the immediate result.
                       Pass in 'in_playlist' to only show this behavior for
                       playlist items.
    postprocessors:    A list of dictionaries, each with an entry
                       * key:  The name of the postprocessor. See
                               youtube_dl/postprocessor/__init__.py for a list.
                       as well as any further keyword arguments for the
                       postprocessor.
    progress_hooks:    A list of functions that get called on download
                       progress, with a dictionary with the entries
                       * status: One of "downloading", "error", or "finished".
                                 Check this first and ignore unknown values.
    
                       If status is one of "downloading", or "finished", the
                       following properties may also be present:
                       * filename: The final filename (always present)
                       * tmpfilename: The filename we're currently writing to
                       * downloaded_bytes: Bytes on disk
                       * total_bytes: Size of the whole file, None if unknown
                       * total_bytes_estimate: Guess of the eventual file size,
                                               None if unavailable.
                       * elapsed: The number of seconds since download started.
                       * eta: The estimated time in seconds, None if unknown
                       * speed: The download speed in bytes/second, None if
                                unknown
                       * fragment_index: The counter of the currently
                                         downloaded video fragment.
                       * fragment_count: The number of fragments (= individual
                                         files that will be merged)
    
                       Progress hooks are guaranteed to be called at least once
                       (with status "finished") if the download is successful.
    merge_output_format: Extension to use when merging formats.
    fixup:             Automatically correct known faults of the file.
                       One of:
                       - "never": do nothing
                       - "warn": only emit a warning
                       - "detect_or_warn": check whether we can do anything
                                           about it, warn otherwise (default)
    source_address:    (Experimental) Client-side IP address to bind to.
    call_home:         Boolean, true iff we are allowed to contact the
                       youtube-dl servers for debugging.
    sleep_interval:    Number of seconds to sleep before each download.
    listformats:       Print an overview of available video formats and exit.
    list_thumbnails:   Print a table of all thumbnails and exit.
    match_filter:      A function that gets called with the info_dict of
                       every video.
                       If it returns a message, the video is ignored.
                       If it returns None, the video is downloaded.
                       match_filter_func in utils.py is one example for this.
    no_color:          Do not emit color codes in output.
    
    The following options determine which downloader is picked:
    external_downloader: Executable of the external downloader to call.
                       None or unset for standard (built-in) downloader.
    hls_prefer_native: Use the native HLS downloader instead of ffmpeg/avconv.
    
    The following parameters are not used by YoutubeDL itself, they are used by
    the downloader (see youtube_dl/downloader/common.py):
    nopart, updatetime, buffersize, ratelimit, min_filesize, max_filesize, test,
    noresizebuffer, retries, continuedl, noprogress, consoletitle,
    xattr_set_filesize, external_downloader_args.
    
    The following options are used by the post processors:
    prefer_ffmpeg:     If True, use ffmpeg instead of avconv if both are available,
                       otherwise prefer avconv.
    """

    # ... omitted code ...


    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def report_error(self, message, tb=None):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def _build_format_filter(self, filter_spec):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def encode(self, s):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def _filter(f):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def syntax_error(note, start):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def _parse_filter(tokens):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def _parse_format_selection(tokens, inside_merge=False, inside_choice=False, inside_group=False):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def _build_selector_function(selector):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def final_selector(formats):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def __next__(self):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def restore_last_token(self):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def selector_function(formats):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def selector_function(formats):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def selector_function(formats):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def _merge(formats_info):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass

    # signature of a relative function in this class
    def selector_function(formats):
        # ... omitted code ...
        pass



    # this is the buggy function you need to fix
    def build_format_selector(self, format_spec):
        def syntax_error(note, start):
            message = (
                'Invalid format specification: '
                '{0}\n\t{1}\n\t{2}^'.format(note, format_spec, ' ' * start[1]))
            return SyntaxError(message)
    
        PICKFIRST = 'PICKFIRST'
        MERGE = 'MERGE'
        SINGLE = 'SINGLE'
        GROUP = 'GROUP'
        FormatSelector = collections.namedtuple('FormatSelector', ['type', 'selector', 'filters'])
    
        def _parse_filter(tokens):
            filter_parts = []
            for type, string, start, _, _ in tokens:
                if type == tokenize.OP and string == ']':
                    return ''.join(filter_parts)
                else:
                    filter_parts.append(string)
    
        def _parse_format_selection(tokens, inside_merge=False, inside_choice=False, inside_group=False):
            selectors = []
            current_selector = None
            for type, string, start, _, _ in tokens:
                # ENCODING is only defined in python 3.x
                if type == getattr(tokenize, 'ENCODING', None):
                    continue
                elif type in [tokenize.NAME, tokenize.NUMBER]:
                    current_selector = FormatSelector(SINGLE, string, [])
                elif type == tokenize.OP:
                    if string == ')':
                        if not inside_group:
                            # ')' will be handled by the parentheses group
                            tokens.restore_last_token()
                        break
                    elif inside_merge and string in ['/', ',']:
                        tokens.restore_last_token()
                        break
                    elif inside_choice and string == ',':
                        tokens.restore_last_token()
                        break
                    elif string == ',':
                        selectors.append(current_selector)
                        current_selector = None
                    elif string == '/':
                        first_choice = current_selector
                        second_choice = _parse_format_selection(tokens, inside_choice=True)
                        current_selector = FormatSelector(PICKFIRST, (first_choice, second_choice), [])
                    elif string == '[':
                        if not current_selector:
                            current_selector = FormatSelector(SINGLE, 'best', [])
                        format_filter = _parse_filter(tokens)
                        current_selector.filters.append(format_filter)
                    elif string == '(':
                        if current_selector:
                            raise syntax_error('Unexpected "("', start)
                        group = _parse_format_selection(tokens, inside_group=True)
                        current_selector = FormatSelector(GROUP, group, [])
                    elif string == '+':
                        video_selector = current_selector
                        audio_selector = _parse_format_selection(tokens, inside_merge=True)
                        current_selector = FormatSelector(MERGE, (video_selector, audio_selector), [])
                    else:
                        raise syntax_error('Operator not recognized: "{0}"'.format(string), start)
                elif type == tokenize.ENDMARKER:
                    break
            if current_selector:
                selectors.append(current_selector)
            return selectors
    
        def _build_selector_function(selector):
            if isinstance(selector, list):
                fs = [_build_selector_function(s) for s in selector]
    
                def selector_function(formats):
                    for f in fs:
                        for format in f(formats):
                            yield format
                return selector_function
            elif selector.type == GROUP:
                selector_function = _build_selector_function(selector.selector)
            elif selector.type == PICKFIRST:
                fs = [_build_selector_function(s) for s in selector.selector]
    
                def selector_function(formats):
                    for f in fs:
                        picked_formats = list(f(formats))
                        if picked_formats:
                            return picked_formats
                    return []
            elif selector.type == SINGLE:
                format_spec = selector.selector
    
                def selector_function(formats):
                    if format_spec == 'all':
                        for f in formats:
                            yield f
                    elif format_spec in ['best', 'worst', None]:
                        format_idx = 0 if format_spec == 'worst' else -1
                        audiovideo_formats = [
                            f for f in formats
                            if f.get('vcodec') != 'none' and f.get('acodec') != 'none']
                        if audiovideo_formats:
                            yield audiovideo_formats[format_idx]
                        # for audio only (soundcloud) or video only (imgur) urls, select the best/worst audio format
                        elif (all(f.get('acodec') != 'none' for f in formats) or
                              all(f.get('vcodec') != 'none' for f in formats)):
                            yield formats[format_idx]
                    elif format_spec == 'bestaudio':
                        audio_formats = [
                            f for f in formats
                            if f.get('vcodec') == 'none']
                        if audio_formats:
                            yield audio_formats[-1]
                    elif format_spec == 'worstaudio':
                        audio_formats = [
                            f for f in formats
                            if f.get('vcodec') == 'none']
                        if audio_formats:
                            yield audio_formats[0]
                    elif format_spec == 'bestvideo':
                        video_formats = [
                            f for f in formats
                            if f.get('acodec') == 'none']
                        if video_formats:
                            yield video_formats[-1]
                    elif format_spec == 'worstvideo':
                        video_formats = [
                            f for f in formats
                            if f.get('acodec') == 'none']
                        if video_formats:
                            yield video_formats[0]
                    else:
                        extensions = ['mp4', 'flv', 'webm', '3gp', 'm4a', 'mp3', 'ogg', 'aac', 'wav']
                        if format_spec in extensions:
                            filter_f = lambda f: f['ext'] == format_spec
                        else:
                            filter_f = lambda f: f['format_id'] == format_spec
                        matches = list(filter(filter_f, formats))
                        if matches:
                            yield matches[-1]
            elif selector.type == MERGE:
                def _merge(formats_info):
                    format_1, format_2 = [f['format_id'] for f in formats_info]
                    # The first format must contain the video and the
                    # second the audio
                    if formats_info[0].get('vcodec') == 'none':
                        self.report_error('The first format must '
                                          'contain the video, try using '
                                          '"-f %s+%s"' % (format_2, format_1))
                        return
                    output_ext = (
                        formats_info[0]['ext']
                        if self.params.get('merge_output_format') is None
                        else self.params['merge_output_format'])
                    return {
                        'requested_formats': formats_info,
                        'format': '%s+%s' % (formats_info[0].get('format'),
                                             formats_info[1].get('format')),
                        'format_id': '%s+%s' % (formats_info[0].get('format_id'),
                                                formats_info[1].get('format_id')),
                        'width': formats_info[0].get('width'),
                        'height': formats_info[0].get('height'),
                        'resolution': formats_info[0].get('resolution'),
                        'fps': formats_info[0].get('fps'),
                        'vcodec': formats_info[0].get('vcodec'),
                        'vbr': formats_info[0].get('vbr'),
                        'stretched_ratio': formats_info[0].get('stretched_ratio'),
                        'acodec': formats_info[1].get('acodec'),
                        'abr': formats_info[1].get('abr'),
                        'ext': output_ext,
                    }
                video_selector, audio_selector = map(_build_selector_function, selector.selector)
    
                def selector_function(formats):
                    formats = list(formats)
                    for pair in itertools.product(video_selector(formats), audio_selector(formats)):
                        yield _merge(pair)
    
            filters = [self._build_format_filter(f) for f in selector.filters]
    
            def final_selector(formats):
                for _filter in filters:
                    formats = list(filter(_filter, formats))
                return selector_function(formats)
            return final_selector
    
        stream = io.BytesIO(format_spec.encode('utf-8'))
        try:
            tokens = list(compat_tokenize_tokenize(stream.readline))
        except tokenize.TokenError:
            raise syntax_error('Missing closing/opening brackets or parenthesis', (0, len(format_spec)))
    
        class TokenIterator(object):
            def __init__(self, tokens):
                self.tokens = tokens
                self.counter = 0
    
            def __iter__(self):
                return self
    
            def __next__(self):
                if self.counter >= len(self.tokens):
                    raise StopIteration()
                value = self.tokens[self.counter]
                self.counter += 1
                return value
    
            next = __next__
    
            def restore_last_token(self):
                self.counter -= 1
    
        parsed_selector = _parse_format_selection(iter(TokenIterator(tokens)))
        return _build_selector_function(parsed_selector)
    
```

# A test function for the buggy function
```python
# file name: /Volumes/SSD2T/bgp_envs/repos/youtube-dl_30/test/test_YoutubeDL.py

    def test_format_filtering(self):
        formats = [
            {'format_id': 'A', 'filesize': 500, 'width': 1000},
            {'format_id': 'B', 'filesize': 1000, 'width': 500},
            {'format_id': 'C', 'filesize': 1000, 'width': 400},
            {'format_id': 'D', 'filesize': 2000, 'width': 600},
            {'format_id': 'E', 'filesize': 3000},
            {'format_id': 'F'},
            {'format_id': 'G', 'filesize': 1000000},
        ]
        for f in formats:
            f['url'] = 'http://_/'
            f['ext'] = 'unknown'
        info_dict = _make_result(formats)

        ydl = YDL({'format': 'best[filesize<3000]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'D')

        ydl = YDL({'format': 'best[filesize<=3000]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'E')

        ydl = YDL({'format': 'best[filesize <= ? 3000]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'F')

        ydl = YDL({'format': 'best [filesize = 1000] [width>450]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'B')

        ydl = YDL({'format': 'best [filesize = 1000] [width!=450]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'C')

        ydl = YDL({'format': '[filesize>?1]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'G')

        ydl = YDL({'format': '[filesize<1M]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'E')

        ydl = YDL({'format': '[filesize<1MiB]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'G')

        ydl = YDL({'format': 'all[width>=400][width<=600]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded_ids = [info['format_id'] for info in ydl.downloaded_info_dicts]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded_ids, ['B', 'C', 'D'])

        ydl = YDL({'format': 'best[height<40]'})
        try:
            ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        except ExtractorError:
            pass
        self.assertEqual(ydl.downloaded_info_dicts, [])
```

## Error message from test function
```text
self = <test.test_YoutubeDL.TestFormatSelection testMethod=test_format_filtering>

    def test_format_filtering(self):
        formats = [
            {'format_id': 'A', 'filesize': 500, 'width': 1000},
            {'format_id': 'B', 'filesize': 1000, 'width': 500},
            {'format_id': 'C', 'filesize': 1000, 'width': 400},
            {'format_id': 'D', 'filesize': 2000, 'width': 600},
            {'format_id': 'E', 'filesize': 3000},
            {'format_id': 'F'},
            {'format_id': 'G', 'filesize': 1000000},
        ]
        for f in formats:
            f['url'] = 'http://_/'
            f['ext'] = 'unknown'
        info_dict = _make_result(formats)
    
        ydl = YDL({'format': 'best[filesize<3000]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'D')
    
        ydl = YDL({'format': 'best[filesize<=3000]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'E')
    
        ydl = YDL({'format': 'best[filesize <= ? 3000]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'F')
    
        ydl = YDL({'format': 'best [filesize = 1000] [width>450]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'B')
    
        ydl = YDL({'format': 'best [filesize = 1000] [width!=450]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'C')
    
        ydl = YDL({'format': '[filesize>?1]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'G')
    
        ydl = YDL({'format': '[filesize<1M]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'E')
    
        ydl = YDL({'format': '[filesize<1MiB]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded = ydl.downloaded_info_dicts[0]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded['format_id'], 'G')
    
        ydl = YDL({'format': 'all[width>=400][width<=600]'})
        ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)
        downloaded_ids = [info['format_id'] for info in ydl.downloaded_info_dicts]
        self.assertEqual(downloaded_ids, ['B', 'C', 'D'])
    
        ydl = YDL({'format': 'best[height<40]'})
        try:
>           ydl.process_ie_result(info_dict)

test/test_YoutubeDL.py:367: 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
youtube_dl/YoutubeDL.py:713: in process_ie_result
    return self.process_video_result(ie_result, download=download)
youtube_dl/YoutubeDL.py:1272: in process_video_result
    formats_to_download = list(format_selector(formats))
youtube_dl/YoutubeDL.py:990: in selector_function
    for format in f(formats):
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

formats = []

    def selector_function(formats):
        if format_spec == 'all':
            for f in formats:
                yield f
        elif format_spec in ['best', 'worst', None]:
            format_idx = 0 if format_spec == 'worst' else -1
            audiovideo_formats = [
                f for f in formats
                if f.get('vcodec') != 'none' and f.get('acodec') != 'none']
            if audiovideo_formats:
                yield audiovideo_formats[format_idx]
            # for audio only (soundcloud) or video only (imgur) urls, select the best/worst audio format
            elif (all(f.get('acodec') != 'none' for f in formats) or
                  all(f.get('vcodec') != 'none' for f in formats)):
>               yield formats[format_idx]
E               IndexError: list index out of range

youtube_dl/YoutubeDL.py:1021: IndexError

```


# A GitHub issue title for this bug
```text
Improve the format selection logic and syntax
```

## The associated detailed issue description
```text
This is a combination of three similar feature requests, all aimed at improving the ability to specify the particular format(s) chosen by youtube-dl.

I want an operator that says “choose the better of the two”. For a motivating use case, non-DASH formats are better than (equivalent) DASH formats when used in mpv (eg. allows seeking and accurate duration information) as well as standalone (they can be streamed instantly, rather than needing to wait for both components to finish downloading before remuxing them). The syntax I imagine could be something like this: best|bestvideo+bestaudio. It would pick the one with highest overall quality, preferring the leftmost if they're identical. (Ideally there should also be some slight tolerance for considering formats “equal”)
I want to be able to set my heuristics for audio and video tracks independently. The way I imagine this working is by being able to “group” together a format selection using parentheses, like this: (bestvideo[tbr<13000][height>720]/bestvideo[tbr<13000][fps>30])+(bestaudio[ext=webm]/bestaudio)
The “quality” assessment should be multiplied by a format-specific weight, since eg. 128 kbps Opus is definitely better than 128 kbps MP3, and eg. 21 Mbps VP9 ought to be better than 22 Mbps AVC. This should probably be user-configurable, and would coincidentally allow me to easily “prefer free formats” by giving them (significantly) higher weights than corresponding non-free formats.
```



