Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version.
Following these steps:
1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with buggy class, related functions, the expected input/output values.
2. Identify potential error locations within the buggy function.
3. Explain the cause of the bug using the buggy function, the buggy class docs, the related functions, the expected input/output variable values.
4. Suggest a strategy for fixing the bug.
5. Given the buggy function below, provide a corrected version. The corrected version should satisfy the expected input/output values.


## The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: luigi/contrib/spark.py

# This function from the same file, but not the same class, is called by the buggy function
def name(self):
    # Please ignore the body of this function

# The declaration of the class containing the buggy function
class SparkSubmitTask(luigi.Task):
    """
    Template task for running a Spark job
    
    Supports running jobs on Spark local, standalone, Mesos or Yarn
    
    See http://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/submitting-applications.html
    for more information
    """




    # this is the buggy function you need to fix
    def _dict_arg(self, name, value):
        command = []
        if value and isinstance(value, dict):
            for prop, value in value.items():
                command += [name, '"{0}={1}"'.format(prop, value)]
        return command
    
```





## Expected values and types of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the expected values and types of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

### Expected case 1
#### The values and types of buggy function's parameters
value, 

name, 

#### Expected values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
command, expected value: `['--conf', '"Prop=Value"']`, type: `list`

value, expected value: `'Value'`, type: `str`

prop, expected value: `'Prop'`, type: `str`

### Expected case 2
#### The values and types of buggy function's parameters
value, 

name, 

#### Expected values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
command, expected value: `['--conf', '"prop1=val1"']`, type: `list`

value, expected value: `'val1'`, type: `str`

prop, expected value: `'prop1'`, type: `str`



