Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version.
Your output should follow these steps:
1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with the buggy class, the actual input/output variable information.
2. Identify a potential error location within the buggy function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a) The buggy function, 
   (b) The buggy class docs, 
   (c) The actual input/output variable values

4. Suggest approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code


## The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: luigi/contrib/spark.py

# The declaration of the class containing the buggy function
class SparkSubmitTask(luigi.Task):
    """
    Template task for running a Spark job
    
    Supports running jobs on Spark local, standalone, Mesos or Yarn
    
    See http://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/submitting-applications.html
    for more information
    """




    # this is the buggy function you need to fix
    def _dict_arg(self, name, value):
        command = []
        if value and isinstance(value, dict):
            for prop, value in value.items():
                command += [name, '"{0}={1}"'.format(prop, value)]
        return command
    
```





## Runtime values and types of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the values and types of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

### Case 1
#### Runtime values and types of the input parameters of the buggy function
value, value: `{'Prop': 'Value'}`, type: `dict`

name, value: `'--conf'`, type: `str`

#### Runtime values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
command, value: `['--conf', 'Prop=Value']`, type: `list`

value, value: `'Value'`, type: `str`

prop, value: `'Prop'`, type: `str`

### Case 2
#### Runtime values and types of the input parameters of the buggy function
value, value: `{'prop1': 'val1'}`, type: `dict`

name, value: `'--conf'`, type: `str`

#### Runtime values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
command, value: `['--conf', 'prop1=val1']`, type: `list`

value, value: `'val1'`, type: `str`

prop, value: `'prop1'`, type: `str`



