Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version. When outputting the fix, output the entire function so that the output can be used as a drop-in replacement for the buggy version of the function.


# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: luigi/contrib/spark.py

# This function from the same file, but not the same class, is called by the buggy function
def name(self):
    # Please ignore the body of this function

# The declaration of the class containing the buggy function
class SparkSubmitTask(luigi.Task):
    """
    Template task for running a Spark job
    
    Supports running jobs on Spark local, standalone, Mesos or Yarn
    
    See http://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/submitting-applications.html
    for more information
    """




    # this is the buggy function you need to fix
    def _dict_arg(self, name, value):
        command = []
        if value and isinstance(value, dict):
            for prop, value in value.items():
                command += [name, '"{0}={1}"'.format(prop, value)]
        return command
    
```





# Runtime values and types of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the values and types of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

## Case 1
### Runtime values and types of the input parameters of the buggy function
value, value: `{'Prop': 'Value'}`, type: `dict`

name, value: `'--conf'`, type: `str`

### Runtime values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
command, value: `['--conf', 'Prop=Value']`, type: `list`

value, value: `'Value'`, type: `str`

prop, value: `'Prop'`, type: `str`

## Case 2
### Runtime values and types of the input parameters of the buggy function
value, value: `{'prop1': 'val1'}`, type: `dict`

name, value: `'--conf'`, type: `str`

### Runtime values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
command, value: `['--conf', 'prop1=val1']`, type: `list`

value, value: `'val1'`, type: `str`

prop, value: `'prop1'`, type: `str`



# Expected values and types of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the expected values and types of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter values and types
### The values and types of buggy function's parameters
value, value: `{'Prop': 'Value'}`, type: `dict`

name, value: `'--conf'`, type: `str`

### Expected values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
command, expected value: `['--conf', '"Prop=Value"']`, type: `list`

value, expected value: `'Value'`, type: `str`

prop, expected value: `'Prop'`, type: `str`

## Expected case 2
### Input parameter values and types
### The values and types of buggy function's parameters
value, value: `{'prop1': 'val1'}`, type: `dict`

name, value: `'--conf'`, type: `str`

### Expected values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
command, expected value: `['--conf', '"prop1=val1"']`, type: `list`

value, expected value: `'val1'`, type: `str`

prop, expected value: `'prop1'`, type: `str`



# Bug fixing instructions

1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with the buggy class, related functions, the actual input/output variable information, the expected input/output variable information.
2. Identify a potential error location within the buggy function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a) The buggy function, 
   (b) The buggy class docs, 
   (c) The related functions, 
   (d) The actual input/output variable values, 
   (e) The expected input/output variable values

4. Suggest approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the buggy function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a) the function satisfies the expected input/output variable information provided

