Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version. When outputting the fix, output the entire function so that the output can be used as a drop-in replacement for the buggy version of the function.


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
import time
```

# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: luigi/scheduler.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
def __init__(self, worker_id, last_active=None):
    self.id = worker_id
    self.reference = None  # reference to the worker in the real world. (Currently a dict containing just the host)
    self.last_active = last_active  # seconds since epoch
    self.started = time.time()  # seconds since epoch
    self.tasks = set()  # task objects
    self.info = {}

```

# A failing test function for the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the failing test file: test/scheduler_test.py

    def test_worker_prune_after_init(self):
        worker = luigi.scheduler.Worker(123)

        class TmpCfg:
            def __init__(self):
                self.worker_disconnect_delay = 10

        worker.prune(TmpCfg())
```




# Expected values and types of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the expected values and types of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter values and types
### The values and types of buggy function's parameters
worker_id, 

### Expected values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
self.id, expected value: `123`, type: `int`

self.started, expected value: `1706548222.8972173`, type: `float`

self.tasks, expected value: `set()`, type: `set`

self.info, expected value: `{}`, type: `dict`



# Bug fixing instructions

1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with the test code, the expected input/output variable information.
2. Identify a potential error location within the buggy function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a) The buggy function, 
   (b) The failing test, 
   (c) The expected input/output variable values

4. Suggest approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the buggy function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a) the program passes the failing test, 
   (b) the function satisfies the expected input/output variable information provided

