Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version. When outputting the fix, output the entire function so that the output can be used as a drop-in replacement for the buggy version of the function.


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
import time
```

# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: luigi/scheduler.py

# The declaration of the class containing the buggy function
class Worker(object):
    """
    Structure for tracking worker activity and keeping their references.
    """




    # this is the buggy function you need to fix
    def __init__(self, worker_id, last_active=None):
        self.id = worker_id
        self.reference = None  # reference to the worker in the real world. (Currently a dict containing just the host)
        self.last_active = last_active  # seconds since epoch
        self.started = time.time()  # seconds since epoch
        self.tasks = set()  # task objects
        self.info = {}
    
```




# Runtime value and type of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the value and type of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

## Case 1
### Runtime value and type of the input parameters of the buggy function
worker_id, value: `123`, type: `int`

last_active, value: `1706548223.648739`, type: `float`

### Runtime value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
self.id, value: `123`, type: `int`

self.last_active, value: `1706548223.648739`, type: `float`

self.started, value: `1706548223.6552343`, type: `float`

self.tasks, value: `set()`, type: `set`

self.info, value: `{}`, type: `dict`



# Expected value and type of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the expected value and type of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter value and type
worker_id, value: `123`, type: `int`

### Expected value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
self.id, expected value: `123`, type: `int`

self.started, expected value: `1706548222.8972173`, type: `float`

self.tasks, expected value: `set()`, type: `set`

self.info, expected value: `{}`, type: `dict`



1. Analyze the buggy function and it's relationship with the buggy class, the actual input/output variable information, the expected input/output variable information, .
2. Identify the potential error location within the problematic function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a). The buggy function
   (b). The buggy class docs
   (c). Discrepancies between actual input/output variable value
   (d). Discrepancies between expected input/output variable value

4. Suggest possible approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the problematic function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a). Satisfies the expected input/output variable information provided

