Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version.
Following these steps:
1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with buggy class, test code, the runtime input/output values.
2. Identify potential error locations within the buggy function.
3. Explain the cause of the bug using the buggy function, the buggy class docs, the failing test, the actual input/output variable values.
4. Suggest a strategy for fixing the bug.
5. Given the buggy function below, provide a corrected version. The corrected version should pass the failing test.


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
import time
```

## The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: luigi/scheduler.py

# The declaration of the class containing the buggy function
class Worker(object):
    """
    Structure for tracking worker activity and keeping their references.
    """




    # this is the buggy function you need to fix
    def __init__(self, worker_id, last_active=None):
        self.id = worker_id
        self.reference = None  # reference to the worker in the real world. (Currently a dict containing just the host)
        self.last_active = last_active  # seconds since epoch
        self.started = time.time()  # seconds since epoch
        self.tasks = set()  # task objects
        self.info = {}
    
```

## A test function that the buggy function fails
```python
# The relative path of the failing test file: test/scheduler_test.py

    def test_worker_prune_after_init(self):
        worker = luigi.scheduler.Worker(123)

        class TmpCfg:
            def __init__(self):
                self.worker_disconnect_delay = 10

        worker.prune(TmpCfg())
```




## Runtime values and types of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the values and types of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

### Case 1
#### Runtime values and types of the input parameters of the buggy function
worker_id, value: `123`, type: `int`

last_active, value: `1706548223.648739`, type: `float`

#### Runtime values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
self.id, value: `123`, type: `int`

self.last_active, value: `1706548223.648739`, type: `float`

self.started, value: `1706548223.6552343`, type: `float`

self.tasks, value: `set()`, type: `set`

self.info, value: `{}`, type: `dict`



