Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version.
Following these steps:
1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with the runtime input/output values, the GitHub issue.
2. Identify potential error locations within the buggy function.
3. Explain the cause of the bug using the buggy function, the runtime input/output variable values, the GitHub Issue information.
4. Suggest a strategy for fixing the bug.
5. Given the buggy function below, provide a corrected version. The corrected version should resolve the issue posted in GitHub.


## The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: tornado/ioloop.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
def initialize(self, make_current=None):
    if make_current is None:
        if IOLoop.current(instance=False) is None:
            self.make_current()
    elif make_current:
        if IOLoop.current(instance=False) is None:
            raise RuntimeError("current IOLoop already exists")
        self.make_current()

```




## Runtime values and types of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the values and types of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

### Case 1
#### Runtime values and types of the input parameters of the buggy function
make_current, value: `True`, type: `bool`



## A GitHub issue for this bug

The issue's title:
```text
ioloop.py(line 252) is None or not None
```

The issue's detailed description:
```text
line 252, IOLoop.current(instance=False) is None。why then raise "already exists"?
```



