Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version. When outputting the fix, output the entire function so that the output can be used as a drop-in replacement for the buggy version of the function.


# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: tornado/ioloop.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
def initialize(self, make_current=None):
    if make_current is None:
        if IOLoop.current(instance=False) is None:
            self.make_current()
    elif make_current:
        if IOLoop.current(instance=False) is None:
            raise RuntimeError("current IOLoop already exists")
        self.make_current()

```




# Runtime value and type of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the value and type of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

## Case 1
### Runtime value and type of the input parameters of the buggy function
make_current, value: `True`, type: `bool`



# A GitHub issue title for this bug
```text
ioloop.py(line 252) is None or not None
```

## The GitHub issue's detailed description
```text
line 252, IOLoop.current(instance=False) is None。why then raise "already exists"?
```



1. Analyze the buggy function and it's relationship with the the actual input/output variable information, the github issue.
2. Identify the potential error location within the problematic function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a). The buggy function
   (b). The actual input/output variable values
   (c). The GitHub Issue information

4. Suggest possible approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the problematic function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a). Successfully resolves the issue posted in GitHub

