Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version.
Following these steps:
1. Analyze the buggy function and its relationship with buggy class, test code, corresponding error message, the runtime input/output values, the expected input/output values.
2. Identify potential error locations within the buggy function.
3. Explain the cause of the bug using the buggy function, the failing test, the corresponding error message, the actual input/output variable values, the expected input/output variable values.
4. Suggest a strategy for fixing the bug.
5. Given the buggy function below, provide a corrected version. The corrected version should pass the failing test, satisfy the expected input/output values.


Assume that the following list of imports are available in the current environment, so you don't need to import them when generating a fix.
```python
from subprocess import Popen, PIPE
from ..utils import DEVNULL, cache
```

## The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: thefuck/shells/fish.py

# The declaration of the class containing the buggy function
class Fish(Generic):





    # this is the buggy function you need to fix
    def info(self):
        """Returns the name and version of the current shell"""
        proc = Popen(['fish', '-c', 'echo $FISH_VERSION'],
                     stdout=PIPE, stderr=DEVNULL)
        version = proc.stdout.read().decode('utf-8').strip()
        return u'Fish Shell {}'.format(version)
    
```

## A test function that the buggy function fails
```python
# The relative path of the failing test file: tests/shells/test_fish.py

    def test_info(self, shell, Popen):
        Popen.return_value.stdout.read.side_effect = [b'fish, version 3.5.9\n']
        assert shell.info() == 'Fish Shell 3.5.9'
        assert Popen.call_args[0][0] == ['fish', '--version']
```

### The error message from the failing test
```text
self = <tests.shells.test_fish.TestFish object at 0x7fb8d3a45250>
shell = <thefuck.shells.fish.Fish object at 0x7fb8d3bd0290>
Popen = <MagicMock name='Popen' id='140431801350288'>

    def test_info(self, shell, Popen):
        Popen.return_value.stdout.read.side_effect = [b'fish, version 3.5.9\n']
>       assert shell.info() == 'Fish Shell 3.5.9'
E       AssertionError: assert 'Fish Shell f...version 3.5.9' == 'Fish Shell 3.5.9'
E         - Fish Shell fish, version 3.5.9
E         + Fish Shell 3.5.9

tests/shells/test_fish.py:118: AssertionError

```



## Runtime values and types of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the values and types of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

### Case 1
#### Runtime values and types of the input parameters of the buggy function
#### Runtime values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
proc, value: `<MagicMock name='Popen()' id='140254489932816'>`, type: `MagicMock`

version, value: `'3.5.9'`, type: `str`

proc.stdout.read, value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout.read' id='140254489856336'>`, type: `MagicMock`

proc.stdout, value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout' id='140254508210704'>`, type: `MagicMock`



## Expected values and types of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter values and types, and the expected values and types of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

### Expected case 1
#### The values and types of buggy function's parameters
#### Expected values and types of variables right before the buggy function's return
proc, expected value: `<MagicMock name='Popen()' id='140050497243408'>`, type: `MagicMock`

version, expected value: `'fish, version 3.5.9'`, type: `str`

proc.stdout.read, expected value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout.read' id='140050497377296'>`, type: `MagicMock`

proc.stdout, expected value: `<MagicMock name='Popen().stdout' id='140050497379088'>`, type: `MagicMock`



