Please fix the buggy function provided below and output a corrected version.


# The source code of the buggy function
```python
# The relative path of the buggy file: docs/autogen.py

# this is the buggy function you need to fix
def process_list_block(docstring, starting_point, section_end,
                       leading_spaces, marker):
    ending_point = docstring.find('\n\n', starting_point)
    block = docstring[starting_point:(None if ending_point == -1 else
                                      ending_point - 1)]
    # Place marker for later reinjection.
    docstring_slice = docstring[starting_point:section_end].replace(block, marker)
    docstring = (docstring[:starting_point]
                 + docstring_slice
                 + docstring[section_end:])
    lines = block.split('\n')
    # Remove the computed number of leading white spaces from each line.
    lines = [re.sub('^' + ' ' * leading_spaces, '', line) for line in lines]
    # Usually lines have at least 4 additional leading spaces.
    # These have to be removed, but first the list roots have to be detected.
    top_level_regex = r'^    ([^\s\\\(]+):(.*)'
    top_level_replacement = r'- __\1__:\2'
    lines = [re.sub(top_level_regex, top_level_replacement, line) for line in lines]
    # All the other lines get simply the 4 leading space (if present) removed
    lines = [re.sub(r'^    ', '', line) for line in lines]
    # Fix text lines after lists
    indent = 0
    text_block = False
    for i in range(len(lines)):
        line = lines[i]
        spaces = re.search(r'\S', line)
        if spaces:
            # If it is a list element
            if line[spaces.start()] == '-':
                indent = spaces.start() + 1
                if text_block:
                    text_block = False
                    lines[i] = '\n' + line
            elif spaces.start() < indent:
                text_block = True
                indent = spaces.start()
                lines[i] = '\n' + line
        else:
            text_block = False
            indent = 0
    block = '\n'.join(lines)
    return docstring, block

```

# Runtime value and type of variables inside the buggy function
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the value and type of relevant variables at the function's return, derived from executing failing tests. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. Note that some of these values at the function's return might be incorrect. Analyze these cases to identify why the tests are failing to effectively fix the bug.

## Case 1
### Runtime value and type of the input parameters of the buggy function
docstring, value: `'Base class for recurrent layers.\n\n    # Arguments\n        return_sequences: Boolean. Whether to return the last output\n            in the output sequence, or the full sequence.\n        return_state: Boolean. Whether to return the last state\n            in addition to the output.\n    '`, type: `str`

starting_point, value: `50`, type: `int`

section_end, value: `-1`, type: `int`

marker, value: `'$Arguments$'`, type: `str`

leading_spaces, value: `4`, type: `int`

### Runtime value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
ending_point, value: `-1`, type: `int`

docstring, value: `'Base class for recurrent layers.\n\n    # Arguments\n$Arguments$ '`, type: `str`

block, value: `'- __return_sequences__: Boolean. Whether to return the last output\n    in the output sequence, or the full sequence.\n- __return_state__: Boolean. Whether to return the last state\n    in addition to the output.\n   '`, type: `str`

docstring_slice, value: `'$Arguments$'`, type: `str`

lines, value: `['- __return_sequences__: Boolean. Whether to return the last output', '    in the output sequence, or the full sequence.', '- __return_state__: Boolean. Whether to return the last state', '    in addition to the output.', '   ']`, type: `list`

line, value: `'   '`, type: `str`

top_level_regex, value: `'^    ([^\\s\\\\\\(]+):(.*)'`, type: `str`

top_level_replacement, value: `'- __\\1__:\\2'`, type: `str`

indent, value: `0`, type: `int`

text_block, value: `False`, type: `bool`

i, value: `4`, type: `int`



# Expected value and type of variables during the failing test execution
Each case below includes input parameter value and type, and the expected value and type of relevant variables at the function's return. If an input parameter is not reflected in the output, it is assumed to remain unchanged. A corrected function must satisfy all these cases.

## Expected case 1
### Input parameter value and type
docstring, value: `'Base class for recurrent layers.\n\n    # Arguments\n        return_sequences: Boolean. Whether to return the last output\n            in the output sequence, or the full sequence.\n        return_state: Boolean. Whether to return the last state\n            in addition to the output.\n    '`, type: `str`

starting_point, value: `50`, type: `int`

section_end, value: `-1`, type: `int`

marker, value: `'$Arguments$'`, type: `str`

leading_spaces, value: `4`, type: `int`

### Expected value and type of variables right before the buggy function's return
ending_point, expected value: `-1`, type: `int`

block, expected value: `'- __return_sequences__: Boolean. Whether to return the last output\n    in the output sequence, or the full sequence.\n- __return_state__: Boolean. Whether to return the last state\n    in addition to the output.\n'`, type: `str`

docstring_slice, expected value: `'        return_sequences: Boolean. Whether to return the last output\n            in the output sequence, or the full sequence.\n        return_state: Boolean. Whether to return the last state\n            in addition to the output.\n   '`, type: `str`

lines, expected value: `['- __return_sequences__: Boolean. Whether to return the last output', '    in the output sequence, or the full sequence.', '- __return_state__: Boolean. Whether to return the last state', '    in addition to the output.', '']`, type: `list`

line, expected value: `''`, type: `str`

top_level_regex, expected value: `'^    ([^\\s\\\\\\(]+):(.*)'`, type: `str`

top_level_replacement, expected value: `'- __\\1__:\\2'`, type: `str`

indent, expected value: `0`, type: `int`

text_block, expected value: `False`, type: `bool`

i, expected value: `4`, type: `int`






1. Analyze the buggy function and it's relationship with the related functions, the expected and actual input/output variable information, .
2. Identify the potential error location within the problematic function.
3. Elucidate the bug's cause using:
   (a). The buggy function
   (b). The related functions
   (c). Discrepancies between expected and actual input/output variable value

4. Suggest possible approaches for fixing the bug.
5. Present the corrected code for the problematic function such that it satisfied the following:
   (a). Satisfies the expected input/output variable information provided

